go what's up fam how are you we're here
to keep you posted on our grow phasis
hello toad we're in shower here we're
here to show our hair and when did on my
hair get done I always forget two weeks
ago I recently got the but just want it
doesn't look done anymore because she's
sleeping okay side front you let
seafront boom
and well other side data down and back
then dude can you see that KLC oh yeah
look how are you looking like that what
he was a front I twisted my hair last
Sunday I remember the date but it was
last Sunday just in my hair but clips
our last Saturday that's out of it
back and that's the back I want to shark
show me on um link check so you have to
see how much progress we are gaining you
should have been do it I get up close
over the come on top of him over the
past couple months I'm talking tool to
i'm going to show you out my this was my
longest grade in the front so I la
madrina front touches my nose and when i
first started my dress it was like up
here so i think his progress along and
then my longest one in the back is right
here it's just my collarbone we should
have been doing this from the beginning
we said you gotta the gist of it so for
now on y'all know okay where is mine
what's my long huh find it you should
have been doing it yourself how am I
supposed to find it oh where you're
going at Obama's close no yes that was a
close you have a big nose I look so if I
had a little nosy because it's home it's
on the bridge it's on the brain I think
that's my longest one in the front cream
yeah that's my longest one in the front
uh I don't know the longest one in the
back I don't know I'm not sure
I wouldn't be able to tell you I'll show
you mine this is a random what does it
call dragon hate it thingy I'll show you
that if you can see it you have a couple
yeah I have like five I don't know
probably something like that see it tick
boom boom aah boom that's like the best
like the biggest one I have I think and
only I wondering it so here's my one
drag again what happened with me is some
of them connect after a while dear so
tender it so I just like let right then
just leave him you won't let me terrible
parts why would you want to do that
that's equally horrible he's tending a
normal feeling told ya and mines just
joined together than I thought it'd be
cool to see would it look like just have
one it's a horrible feeling I don't know
why people do okay um well yeah that's
it I guess for it today we haven't
changed anything up nope all those stuff
still the same there is a new product
i've been thinking about trying out is
they have shampoo and conditioner it's
just call him i'm lee i know there's
different consequences but this brand
has just called him and imma try it out
sooner or later and we will do a video
on that what I do try it I wanted to try
some oregano soup our oil so
you saw what you think organelle smells
good you smell like spaghetti spaghetti
yeah really we go and try I see if I get
my hands on that oh we're gonna do like
tip Tuesdays or something like that and
the first video will come out on tuesday
so readers give you natural tips it's a
good pie to anybody dreadlock natural
head afro sometimes but mostly for
Andre's hands for the most part oh
there's new video only thighs for grids
the first one does yeah first but
whoever knows we might come on with
monsta yep so that that may be alone I
don't know if he's pressing I don't know
you little next time you too